enh: Make public `narwhals.compliant.py` (#3302)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/extending.md

# Extensions and Plugins

!!! warning

    The extension mechanism in Narwhals is experimental and under development.
    If anything is not clear, or doesn't work, please do raise an issue or
    contact us on Discord (see the link on the README).
  
If you would like to make a new library Narwhals-compatible, then there are
three ways to go about it:

- Open a PR to Narwhals. At this point, however, the bar for including new libraries
  is very high, so please discuss it with us beforehand.
- Make that library Narwhals-compliant.
- Make a plugin for that library which makes it Narwhals-compliant.

## Making a library Narwhals-compliant

> It's possible to make your library compliant with Narwhals with zero code changes

Reviewer: The next sentence already says *compliant* twice.

```suggestion
It's possible to integrate with Narwhals with zero code changes
```
